update changelog for 0.19.2 (#173)
hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-azure: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## v0.19.2

> * expand vm, vmss, and resource group validation checks to include additional characters (https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-azure/pull/172)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BUGS:

* fix a bug that prevented logins when validating vm names, vmss names, and resource groups  (https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-azure/pull/172)
```
